# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "Unix Makefiles" Generator, CMake Version 2.4

# Default target executed when no arguments are given to make.
default_target: all

#=============================================================================
# Special targets provided by cmake.

# Disable implicit rules so canoncical targets will work.
.SUFFIXES:

.SUFFIXES: .hpux_make_needs_suffix_list

# Suppress display of executed commands.
$(VERBOSE).SILENT:

# A target that is always out of date.
cmake_force:

#=============================================================================
# Set environment variables for the build.

# The shell in which to execute make rules.
SHELL = /bin/sh

# The CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND = /usr/bin/cmake

# The command to remove a file.
RM = /usr/bin/cmake -E remove -f

# The program to use to edit the cache.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND = /usr/bin/ccmake

# The top-level source directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR = /home/harkal/projects/sylphis3d/runtime/src/sylphis

# The top-level build directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_BINARY_DIR = /home/harkal/projects/sylphis3d/runtime/src/sylphis

# Include the progress variables for this target.
include CMakeFiles/progress.make

#=============================================================================
# Targets provided globally by CMake.

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake cache editor..."
	/usr/bin/ccmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache/fast: edit_cache

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache:
	@$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_echo_color --switch=$(COLOR) --cyan "Running CMake to regenerate build system..."
	/usr/bin/cmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache/fast: rebuild_cache

# The main all target
all: cmake_check_build_system
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/harkal/projects/sylphis3d/runtime/src/sylphis/CMakeFiles $(CMAKE_ALL_PROGRESS)
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 all
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/harkal/projects/sylphis3d/runtime/src/sylphis/CMakeFiles 0

# The main clean target
clean:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 clean

# The main clean target
clean/fast: clean

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall: all
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 preinstall

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall/fast:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 preinstall

# clear depends
depend:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 1

#=============================================================================
# Target rules for targets named hk

# Build rule for target.
hk: cmake_check_build_system
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 hk

# fast build rule for target.
hk/fast:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build

#=============================================================================
# Target rules for targets named sylphis

# Build rule for target.
sylphis: cmake_check_build_system
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 sylphis

# fast build rule for target.
sylphis/fast:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build

# target to build an object file
core/src/actor.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actor.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/actor.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actor.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/actor.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actor.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/actormover.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actormover.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/actormover.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actormover.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/actormover.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/actormover.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/animationblender.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/animationblender.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/animationblender.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/animationblender.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/animationblender.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/animationblender.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/beamtree.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/beamtree.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/beamtree.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/beamtree.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/beamtree.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/beamtree.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/bonekeyframe.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonekeyframe.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/bonekeyframe.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonekeyframe.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/bonekeyframe.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonekeyframe.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/bonetrack.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonetrack.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/bonetrack.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonetrack.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/bonetrack.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/bonetrack.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/boundbox.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/boundbox.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/boundbox.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/boundbox.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/boundbox.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/boundbox.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/buffer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/buffer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/buffer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/buffer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/buffer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/buffer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/cache.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cache.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/cache.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cache.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/cache.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cache.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/camera.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/camera.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/camera.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/camera.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/camera.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/camera.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/client.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/client.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/client.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/client.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/client.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/client.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/cmapscene/cmap.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmap.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/cmapscene/cmap.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmap.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/cmapscene/cmap.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmap.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/commands.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/commands.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/commands.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/commands.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/commands.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/commands.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/configfile.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/configfile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/configfile.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/configfile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/configfile.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/configfile.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/controler.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/controler.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/controler.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/controler.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/controler.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/controler.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/debugdrawing.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/debugdrawing.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/debugdrawing.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/debugdrawing.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/debugdrawing.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/debugdrawing.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/engine.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/engine.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/engine.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/engine.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/engine.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/engine.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/eventlistener.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/eventlistener.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/eventlistener.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/eventlistener.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/eventlistener.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/eventlistener.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/font.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/font.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/font.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/font.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/font.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/font.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/frustum.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/frustum.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/frustum.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/frustum.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/frustum.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/frustum.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/ftlibrary.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/ftlibrary.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/ftlibrary.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/ftlibrary.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/ftlibrary.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/ftlibrary.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/gutils.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/gutils.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/gutils.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/gutils.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/gutils.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/gutils.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/imagefile.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/imagefile.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/imagefile.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/imagefile.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/imagefile.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/imagefile.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/indexbuffer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/indexbuffer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/indexbuffer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/indexbuffer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/indexbuffer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/indexbuffer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/inputdevice.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/inputdevice.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/inputdevice.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/inputdevice.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/inputdevice.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/inputdevice.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/interpolator.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/interpolator.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/interpolator.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/interpolator.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/interpolator.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/interpolator.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/joint.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/joint.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/joint.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/joint.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/joint.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/joint.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/light.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/light.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/light.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/light.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/light.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/light.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/main.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/main.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/main.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/main.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/main.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/main.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/material.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/material.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/material.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/material.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/material.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/material.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/materialparser.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/materialparser.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/materialparser.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/materialparser.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/materialparser.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/materialparser.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/matrix.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/matrix.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/matrix.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/matrix3.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix3.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/matrix3.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix3.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/matrix3.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/matrix3.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/md3model.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/md3model.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/md3model.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/md3model.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/md3model.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/md3model.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/mesh.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/mesh.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/mesh.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/mesh.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/mesh.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/mesh.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/meshloader3ds.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/meshloader3ds.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/meshloader3ds.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/meshloader3ds.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/meshloader3ds.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/meshloader3ds.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/model.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/model.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/model.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/model.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/model.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/model.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/modelmanager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/modelmanager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/modelmanager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/modelmanager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/modelmanager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/modelmanager.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/myglu.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/myglu.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/myglu.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/myglu.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/myglu.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/myglu.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/openglext.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/openglext.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/openglext.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/openglext.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/openglext.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/openglext.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/particlesystem.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/particlesystem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/particlesystem.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/particlesystem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/particlesystem.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/particlesystem.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/physicsenvironment.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/physicsenvironment.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/physicsenvironment.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/physicsenvironment.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/physicsenvironment.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/physicsenvironment.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/plane.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/plane.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/plane.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/plane.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/plane.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/plane.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/polygon.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/polygon.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/polygon.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/polygon.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/polygon.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/polygon.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/python/mthread.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/mthread.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/python/mthread.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/mthread.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/python/mthread.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/mthread.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/python/pyconsole.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyconsole.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/python/pyconsole.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyconsole.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/python/pyconsole.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyconsole.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/python/pyhelper.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyhelper.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/python/pyhelper.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyhelper.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/python/pyhelper.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/pyhelper.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/python/waitable.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/waitable.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/python/waitable.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/waitable.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/python/waitable.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/python/waitable.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/quaternion.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/quaternion.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/quaternion.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/quaternion.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/quaternion.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/quaternion.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderable.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderable.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderable.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderable.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderable.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderable.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderablemultimesh.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablemultimesh.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderablemultimesh.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablemultimesh.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderablemultimesh.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablemultimesh.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderablequeuemember.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablequeuemember.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderablequeuemember.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablequeuemember.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderablequeuemember.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderablequeuemember.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderchunk.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderchunk.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderchunk.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderchunk.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderchunk.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderchunk.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rendererARB2.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendererARB2.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rendererARB2.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendererARB2.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rendererARB2.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendererARB2.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderingview.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingview.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderingview.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingview.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderingview.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingview.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderingviewx11.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingviewx11.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderingviewx11.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingviewx11.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderingviewx11.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderingviewx11.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/renderqueue.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderqueue.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/renderqueue.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderqueue.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/renderqueue.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/renderqueue.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rendersystem.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendersystem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rendersystem.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendersystem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rendersystem.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendersystem.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rendertexture.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendertexture.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rendertexture.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendertexture.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rendertexture.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rendertexture.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/resource.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resource.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/resource.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resource.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/resource.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resource.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/resourcemanager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resourcemanager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/resourcemanager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resourcemanager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/resourcemanager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/resourcemanager.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidbody.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbody.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidbody.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbody.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidbody.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbody.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidbodystatic.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbodystatic.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidbodystatic.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbodystatic.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidbodystatic.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbodystatic.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidbox.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbox.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidbox.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbox.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidbox.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidbox.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidcapsule.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcapsule.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidcapsule.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcapsule.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidcapsule.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcapsule.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidcomplex.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcomplex.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidcomplex.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcomplex.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidcomplex.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcomplex.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidcyl.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcyl.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidcyl.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcyl.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidcyl.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidcyl.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/rigidsphere.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidsphere.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/rigidsphere.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidsphere.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/rigidsphere.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/rigidsphere.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/scenemanager.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemanager.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/scenemanager.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemanager.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/scenemanager.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemanager.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/scenemd3.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemd3.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/scenemd3.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemd3.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/scenemd3.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemd3.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/scenemodel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemodel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/scenemodel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemodel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/scenemodel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenemodel.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/scenenode.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenode.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/scenenode.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenode.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/scenenode.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenode.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/scenenodemember.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenodemember.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/scenenodemember.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenodemember.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/scenenodemember.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/scenenodemember.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sceneobject.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sceneobject.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sceneobject.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sceneobject.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sceneobject.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sceneobject.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/shadowvolume.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/shadowvolume.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/shadowvolume.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/shadowvolume.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/shadowvolume.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/shadowvolume.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/silhouette.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/silhouette.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/silhouette.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/silhouette.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/silhouette.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/silhouette.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/skelanimation.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelanimation.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/skelanimation.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelanimation.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/skelanimation.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelanimation.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/skeleton.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeleton.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/skeleton.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeleton.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/skeleton.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeleton.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/skeletoninstance.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeletoninstance.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/skeletoninstance.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeletoninstance.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/skeletoninstance.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skeletoninstance.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/skelmodel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelmodel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/skelmodel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelmodel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/skelmodel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/skelmodel.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/smfmodel.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/smfmodel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/smfmodel.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/smfmodel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/smfmodel.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/smfmodel.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundbuffer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundbuffer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundbuffer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundbuffer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundbuffer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundbuffer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundenv.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundenv.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundenv.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundenv.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundenv.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundenv.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundlistener.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundlistener.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundlistener.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundlistener.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundlistener.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundlistener.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundobject.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundobject.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundobject.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundobject.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundobject.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundobject.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundogg.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundogg.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundogg.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundogg.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundogg.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundogg.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundsource.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundsource.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundsource.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundsource.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundsource.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundsource.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/sound/soundwave.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundwave.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/sound/soundwave.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundwave.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/sound/soundwave.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/sound/soundwave.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/splineinterpolator.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/splineinterpolator.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/splineinterpolator.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/splineinterpolator.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/splineinterpolator.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/splineinterpolator.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/texture.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texture.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/texture.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texture.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/texture.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texture.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/texturefont.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texturefont.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/texturefont.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texturefont.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/texturefont.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/texturefont.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/timer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/timer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/timer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/timer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/timer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/timer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/tokenizer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/tokenizer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/tokenizer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/tokenizer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/tokenizer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/tokenizer.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/vector.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vector.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/vector.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vector.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/vector.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vector.s

# target to build an object file
core/src/vertexbuffer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vertexbuffer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
core/src/vertexbuffer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vertexbuffer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
core/src/vertexbuffer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/core/src/vertexbuffer.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/example.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/example.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/example.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/example.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/example.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/example.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/png.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/png.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/png.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/png.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/png.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/png.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngerror.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngerror.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngerror.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngerror.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngerror.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngerror.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pnggccrd.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pnggccrd.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pnggccrd.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pnggccrd.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pnggccrd.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pnggccrd.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngget.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngget.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngget.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngget.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngmem.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngmem.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngmem.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngmem.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngmem.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngmem.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngpread.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngpread.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngpread.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngpread.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngpread.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngpread.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngread.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngread.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngread.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngread.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngread.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngread.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngrio.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrio.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngrio.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrio.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngrio.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrio.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngrtran.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrtran.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngrtran.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrtran.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngrtran.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrtran.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngrutil.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrutil.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngrutil.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrutil.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngrutil.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngrutil.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngset.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngset.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngset.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngset.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngset.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngset.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngtest.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtest.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngtest.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtest.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngtest.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtest.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngtrans.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtrans.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngtrans.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtrans.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngtrans.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngtrans.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngvcrd.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngvcrd.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngvcrd.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngvcrd.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngvcrd.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngvcrd.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngwio.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwio.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngwio.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwio.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngwio.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwio.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngwrite.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwrite.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngwrite.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwrite.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngwrite.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwrite.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngwtran.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwtran.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngwtran.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwtran.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngwtran.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwtran.s

# target to build an object file
extern/libpng/pngwutil.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwutil.o

# target to preprocess a source file
extern/libpng/pngwutil.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwutil.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
extern/libpng/pngwutil.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/extern/libpng/pngwutil.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/compress.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/compress.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/compress.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/compress.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/compress.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/compress.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/trees.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/trees.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/trees.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/trees.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/trees.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/trees.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/sylphis.dir/hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/classinfo.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/classinfo.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/classinfo.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/classinfo.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/classinfo.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/classinfo.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/console.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/console.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/console.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/console.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/console.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/console.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/exception.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/exception.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/exception.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/exception.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/exception.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/exception.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/pointer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/pointer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/pointer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/pointer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/pointer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/pointer.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/refobject.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/refobject.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/refobject.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/refobject.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/refobject.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/refobject.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/serialize.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serialize.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/serialize.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serialize.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/serialize.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serialize.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/serializer.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serializer.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/serializer.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serializer.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/serializer.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/serializer.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/singleton.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/singleton.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/singleton.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/singleton.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/singleton.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/singleton.s

# target to build an object file
hklib/src/vfs.o:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/vfs.o

# target to preprocess a source file
hklib/src/vfs.i:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/vfs.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
hklib/src/vfs.s:
	$(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/hk.dir/build.make CMakeFiles/hk.dir/hklib/src/vfs.s

# Help Target
help::
	@echo "The following are some of the valid targets for this Makefile:"
	@echo "... all (the default if no target is provided)"
	@echo "... clean"
	@echo "... depend"
	@echo "... edit_cache"
	@echo "... hk"
	@echo "... rebuild_cache"
	@echo "... sylphis"
	@echo "... core/src/actor.o"
	@echo "... core/src/actor.i"
	@echo "... core/src/actor.s"
	@echo "... core/src/actormover.o"
	@echo "... core/src/actormover.i"
	@echo "... core/src/actormover.s"
	@echo "... core/src/animationblender.o"
	@echo "... core/src/animationblender.i"
	@echo "... core/src/animationblender.s"
	@echo "... core/src/beamtree.o"
	@echo "... core/src/beamtree.i"
	@echo "... core/src/beamtree.s"
	@echo "... core/src/bonekeyframe.o"
	@echo "... core/src/bonekeyframe.i"
	@echo "... core/src/bonekeyframe.s"
	@echo "... core/src/bonetrack.o"
	@echo "... core/src/bonetrack.i"
	@echo "... core/src/bonetrack.s"
	@echo "... core/src/boundbox.o"
	@echo "... core/src/boundbox.i"
	@echo "... core/src/boundbox.s"
	@echo "... core/src/buffer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/buffer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/buffer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/cache.o"
	@echo "... core/src/cache.i"
	@echo "... core/src/cache.s"
	@echo "... core/src/camera.o"
	@echo "... core/src/camera.i"
	@echo "... core/src/camera.s"
	@echo "... core/src/client.o"
	@echo "... core/src/client.i"
	@echo "... core/src/client.s"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.o"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.i"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/brushmodel.s"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmap.o"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmap.i"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmap.s"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.o"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.i"
	@echo "... core/src/cmapscene/cmapscene.s"
	@echo "... core/src/commands.o"
	@echo "... core/src/commands.i"
	@echo "... core/src/commands.s"
	@echo "... core/src/configfile.o"
	@echo "... core/src/configfile.i"
	@echo "... core/src/configfile.s"
	@echo "... core/src/controler.o"
	@echo "... core/src/controler.i"
	@echo "... core/src/controler.s"
	@echo "... core/src/debugdrawing.o"
	@echo "... core/src/debugdrawing.i"
	@echo "... core/src/debugdrawing.s"
	@echo "... core/src/engine.o"
	@echo "... core/src/engine.i"
	@echo "... core/src/engine.s"
	@echo "... core/src/eventlistener.o"
	@echo "... core/src/eventlistener.i"
	@echo "... core/src/eventlistener.s"
	@echo "... core/src/font.o"
	@echo "... core/src/font.i"
	@echo "... core/src/font.s"
	@echo "... core/src/frustum.o"
	@echo "... core/src/frustum.i"
	@echo "... core/src/frustum.s"
	@echo "... core/src/ftlibrary.o"
	@echo "... core/src/ftlibrary.i"
	@echo "... core/src/ftlibrary.s"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.o"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.i"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendersystem.s"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.o"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.i"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/glrendertexture.s"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.o"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.i"
	@echo "... core/src/glrenderer/gltexture.s"
	@echo "... core/src/gutils.o"
	@echo "... core/src/gutils.i"
	@echo "... core/src/gutils.s"
	@echo "... core/src/imagefile.o"
	@echo "... core/src/imagefile.i"
	@echo "... core/src/imagefile.s"
	@echo "... core/src/indexbuffer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/indexbuffer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/indexbuffer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/inputdevice.o"
	@echo "... core/src/inputdevice.i"
	@echo "... core/src/inputdevice.s"
	@echo "... core/src/interpolator.o"
	@echo "... core/src/interpolator.i"
	@echo "... core/src/interpolator.s"
	@echo "... core/src/joint.o"
	@echo "... core/src/joint.i"
	@echo "... core/src/joint.s"
	@echo "... core/src/light.o"
	@echo "... core/src/light.i"
	@echo "... core/src/light.s"
	@echo "... core/src/main.o"
	@echo "... core/src/main.i"
	@echo "... core/src/main.s"
	@echo "... core/src/material.o"
	@echo "... core/src/material.i"
	@echo "... core/src/material.s"
	@echo "... core/src/materialparser.o"
	@echo "... core/src/materialparser.i"
	@echo "... core/src/materialparser.s"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix.o"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix.i"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix.s"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix3.o"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix3.i"
	@echo "... core/src/matrix3.s"
	@echo "... core/src/md3model.o"
	@echo "... core/src/md3model.i"
	@echo "... core/src/md3model.s"
	@echo "... core/src/mesh.o"
	@echo "... core/src/mesh.i"
	@echo "... core/src/mesh.s"
	@echo "... core/src/meshloader3ds.o"
	@echo "... core/src/meshloader3ds.i"
	@echo "... core/src/meshloader3ds.s"
	@echo "... core/src/model.o"
	@echo "... core/src/model.i"
	@echo "... core/src/model.s"
	@echo "... core/src/modelmanager.o"
	@echo "... core/src/modelmanager.i"
	@echo "... core/src/modelmanager.s"
	@echo "... core/src/myglu.o"
	@echo "... core/src/myglu.i"
	@echo "... core/src/myglu.s"
	@echo "... core/src/openglext.o"
	@echo "... core/src/openglext.i"
	@echo "... core/src/openglext.s"
	@echo "... core/src/particlesystem.o"
	@echo "... core/src/particlesystem.i"
	@echo "... core/src/particlesystem.s"
	@echo "... core/src/physicsenvironment.o"
	@echo "... core/src/physicsenvironment.i"
	@echo "... core/src/physicsenvironment.s"
	@echo "... core/src/plane.o"
	@echo "... core/src/plane.i"
	@echo "... core/src/plane.s"
	@echo "... core/src/polygon.o"
	@echo "... core/src/polygon.i"
	@echo "... core/src/polygon.s"
	@echo "... core/src/python/mthread.o"
	@echo "... core/src/python/mthread.i"
	@echo "... core/src/python/mthread.s"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyconsole.o"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyconsole.i"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyconsole.s"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyhelper.o"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyhelper.i"
	@echo "... core/src/python/pyhelper.s"
	@echo "... core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.o"
	@echo "... core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.i"
	@echo "... core/src/python/sylphis_wrap.s"
	@echo "... core/src/python/waitable.o"
	@echo "... core/src/python/waitable.i"
	@echo "... core/src/python/waitable.s"
	@echo "... core/src/quaternion.o"
	@echo "... core/src/quaternion.i"
	@echo "... core/src/quaternion.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderable.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderable.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderable.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablemultimesh.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablemultimesh.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablemultimesh.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablequeuemember.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablequeuemember.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderablequeuemember.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderchunk.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderchunk.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderchunk.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rendererARB2.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rendererARB2.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rendererARB2.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingview.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingview.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingview.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingviewx11.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingviewx11.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderingviewx11.s"
	@echo "... core/src/renderqueue.o"
	@echo "... core/src/renderqueue.i"
	@echo "... core/src/renderqueue.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rendersystem.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rendersystem.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rendersystem.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rendertexture.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rendertexture.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rendertexture.s"
	@echo "... core/src/resource.o"
	@echo "... core/src/resource.i"
	@echo "... core/src/resource.s"
	@echo "... core/src/resourcemanager.o"
	@echo "... core/src/resourcemanager.i"
	@echo "... core/src/resourcemanager.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbody.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbody.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbody.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbodystatic.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbodystatic.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbodystatic.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbox.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbox.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidbox.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcapsule.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcapsule.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcapsule.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcomplex.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcomplex.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcomplex.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcyl.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcyl.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidcyl.s"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidsphere.o"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidsphere.i"
	@echo "... core/src/rigidsphere.s"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemanager.o"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemanager.i"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemanager.s"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemd3.o"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemd3.i"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemd3.s"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemodel.o"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemodel.i"
	@echo "... core/src/scenemodel.s"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenode.o"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenode.i"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenode.s"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenodemember.o"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenodemember.i"
	@echo "... core/src/scenenodemember.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sceneobject.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sceneobject.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sceneobject.s"
	@echo "... core/src/shadowvolume.o"
	@echo "... core/src/shadowvolume.i"
	@echo "... core/src/shadowvolume.s"
	@echo "... core/src/silhouette.o"
	@echo "... core/src/silhouette.i"
	@echo "... core/src/silhouette.s"
	@echo "... core/src/skelanimation.o"
	@echo "... core/src/skelanimation.i"
	@echo "... core/src/skelanimation.s"
	@echo "... core/src/skeleton.o"
	@echo "... core/src/skeleton.i"
	@echo "... core/src/skeleton.s"
	@echo "... core/src/skeletoninstance.o"
	@echo "... core/src/skeletoninstance.i"
	@echo "... core/src/skeletoninstance.s"
	@echo "... core/src/skelmodel.o"
	@echo "... core/src/skelmodel.i"
	@echo "... core/src/skelmodel.s"
	@echo "... core/src/smfmodel.o"
	@echo "... core/src/smfmodel.i"
	@echo "... core/src/smfmodel.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundbuffer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundbuffer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundbuffer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundenv.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundenv.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundenv.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundlistener.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundlistener.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundlistener.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundobject.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundobject.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundobject.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundogg.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundogg.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundogg.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundsource.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundsource.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundsource.s"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundwave.o"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundwave.i"
	@echo "... core/src/sound/soundwave.s"
	@echo "... core/src/splineinterpolator.o"
	@echo "... core/src/splineinterpolator.i"
	@echo "... core/src/splineinterpolator.s"
	@echo "... core/src/texture.o"
	@echo "... core/src/texture.i"
	@echo "... core/src/texture.s"
	@echo "... core/src/texturefont.o"
	@echo "... core/src/texturefont.i"
	@echo "... core/src/texturefont.s"
	@echo "... core/src/timer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/timer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/timer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/tokenizer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/tokenizer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/tokenizer.s"
	@echo "... core/src/vector.o"
	@echo "... core/src/vector.i"
	@echo "... core/src/vector.s"
	@echo "... core/src/vertexbuffer.o"
	@echo "... core/src/vertexbuffer.i"
	@echo "... core/src/vertexbuffer.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/example.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/example.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/example.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/png.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/png.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/png.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngerror.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngerror.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngerror.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pnggccrd.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pnggccrd.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pnggccrd.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngget.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngget.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngget.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngmem.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngmem.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngmem.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngpread.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngpread.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngpread.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngread.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngread.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngread.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrio.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrio.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrio.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrtran.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrtran.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrtran.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrutil.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrutil.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngrutil.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngset.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngset.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngset.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtest.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtest.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtest.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtrans.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtrans.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngtrans.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngvcrd.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngvcrd.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngvcrd.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwio.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwio.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwio.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwrite.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwrite.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwrite.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwtran.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwtran.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwtran.s"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwutil.o"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwutil.i"
	@echo "... extern/libpng/pngwutil.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/adler32.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/compress.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/compress.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/compress.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/crc32.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/deflate.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/gzio.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infblock.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infcodes.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inffast.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inflate.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/inftrees.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/infutil.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/maketree.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/trees.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/trees.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/trees.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/uncompr.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/unzip.s"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.o"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.i"
	@echo "... hklib/extern/zlib/zutil.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/classinfo.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/classinfo.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/classinfo.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/console.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/console.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/console.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/exception.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/exception.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/exception.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/pointer.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/pointer.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/pointer.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/refobject.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/refobject.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/refobject.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serialize.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serialize.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serialize.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serializer.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serializer.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/serializer.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/singleton.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/singleton.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/singleton.s"
	@echo "... hklib/src/vfs.o"
	@echo "... hklib/src/vfs.i"
	@echo "... hklib/src/vfs.s"



#=============================================================================
# Special targets to cleanup operation of make.

# Special rule to run CMake to check the build system integrity.
# No rule that depends on this can have commands that come from listfiles
# because they might be regenerated.
cmake_check_build_system:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 0

